It you still have the previous file open from the last video we can continue along.
And if not just open up the prototype panel file.
In the chapter two exercise Files folder.
Now we're using the same file just to illustrate the coding panel and what happens in here.
So because we don't have anything selected we have the background and is telling us the hex value here
for the background of this canvas.
And so you can see very quickly if you were to be programming in CSSA.
You can grab some quick code to Plaisance your design files.
And same with iOS.
You have this R-GA background color or Android so you can quickly change that.
Or if you want to click on this code this gives you the CSSA properties.
So now you have background colon and then the color and you can quickly copy that and paste that into
your development project.
So that's simple enough for the background.
But now if we click on some of these other elements here I'm going to hold down Z and just zoom into
this log in page and let's double click on this logon button here so we can see very quickly.
We have the width height and then left and top padding here so very easily we can click and select this.
Paste this into our CSSA files.
Same thing with iOS or Android.
And we can get some table views here or the code view and this really can happen with almost any object.
Here we have this pin drop.
When I do the same thing and because this is SPG it kind of gives you this view where you can copy and
paste this and with the images again you have the position in the high left right and it'll give you
the file name of that image.
So if you're designing anything in Sigma 2 then code later or if you want to give your design files
to your developers make them aware of this code panel because it'll likely save them a lot of time trying
to get certain colors or different font styles by just jumping in here grabbing these and applying them
to their code.
Now I do get a lot of questions about Sigma being able to convert your whole design into code and although
it doesn't do that as far as the entire design being placed into code and structure it.
This is still really nice for developers to take these little snippets of code or information and code
and structure the code themselves.